# HackTheVerse_Peace
This is  a repository made for HackTheVerse organized by IITSEC

Elaborate Story

During a pandemic, the most challenging task is to monitor the health condition of a patient on-site by health workers.
How can we ensure proper monitoring of patients through technology here?

In such a case, introducing technology-based solutions will be very beneficial. For this hackathon, we can make a software process to generate dummy data which will behave like a sensor.

The sensors could be anything that takes data from the body. Sensors could detect a heartbeat, body temperature, Urine, blood pressure, body movement, and so on.

These data will be sent into a streaming platform such as Kafka /kinesis /Event Hubs or any other technology for real-time data transmission. From there, those data could be sent into a mobile app/web app/ desktop app. The doctors or nurses could use that app to drive valuable health-related information about the patient.

Users of This System

Primary User:
1.	Patients
2.	Doctors
3.	Nurses
Secondary User:
1.	Kafka

Features of Our System:
1.	Emergency Notification
2.	Feedback
3.	User Registration
4.	Log in
5.	Report Generator
6.	Emergency Ambulance
7.	Psychological help
8.	Prescription Analysis
9.	Emergency Button 
10.	Medication Alarm


Emergency Notification:
When the heartbeat, blood pressure, temperature or locomotion cross the threshold value, an emergency notification will be sent to the doctor through his mobile phone. The doctor will observe the condition of the patient immediately and give feedback about the notification.

Feedback:
After getting notification from the system the doctor will check the patient. Then he/she can give feedback about the notification. By this, we can calculate the efficiency of this system.

User Registration: 
There will be two types of users. Patients and Doctor/ Psychotherapist
A user has to register for using this application. He/ she has to provide username, email address, phone number, age, sex and prior medical information for registration. The information will be stored in the system database.

A Doctor/ Psychotherapist has to provide username, email address, phone number, age, sex
And his copy of certificate
.
Log in:
A user can log in using phone number and password.

Report Generator:
A health report can be generated by the supervision of a doctor/ Psychotherapist.




Emergency Button: 
There will be an emergency button in the system. If a user press this button, emergency notification will be sent nt.to doctor and an emergency ambulance will be sent.

Psychological Corner:
This part of the system will contain information related to mental health. A user can get paid session from psychotherapist from this section. Normal psychological questions will also be asked to the patients.

Prescription assistant:
This section will help by storing previous prescriptions.
If any medicine mismatch with other medicines, it will give notification to the doctor.

Medication Alarm:
It is an alarm which will help the user to take medicine and exercise in proper time.










